Update community.md (#2924)
hoprnet/hoprnet: .processes/community.md

- should use [Request Tech Work](https://github.com/hoprnet/hopr-devrel/blob/main/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/request-for-tech-work.md) template for other work
- issues labelled as `high priority` will be treated as a [file-alarm](./development.md#fire-alarm)
- normal issues will be queued for work in next sprint planning

> - issues should ideally contain all information the author can provide, even if that means sometimes it includes noise or possibly unrelated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- issues should contain all information the author can provide, even if that means it includes more noise or possibly unrelated data
```

> - issues should ideally contain all information the author can provide, even if that means sometimes it includes noise or possibly unreleated

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- issues should ideally contain all information the author can provide, even if that means sometimes it includes noise or possibly unrelated
```

> - tech members might ask questions to get more information from the issue author

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- tech members are encouraged to ask questions to get more information from the issue author
```

> - issues should be made as soon as possible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- issues should be created as early as possible to provide time for scheduling work
```
